# Docs & Community SIG meeting - YYYY-MM-DD

**Facilitator:** Roddie Kieley (@RoddieKieley)
**Notes taker:** Roddie Kieley (@RoddieKieley), Shauna Gordon (@ShaunaGordon)

[Agenda](https://github.com/o3de/sig-docs-community/issues/124)

## SIG Updates

- Roddie's swamped with his main work, so he hasn't had a chance to do his tasks
- Shauna 
  - is currently reviewing Jan's PR for cherry-picking things back to development
  - reached out to Kythera AI about their docs due to direction changes on both side
  - triaged the open PRs and marked them for what action is needed
- Jan is in a holding pattern until PR review comes back

## Branch and PR cleanup progress

* Jan submitted PR with updates for review
  * Shauna is reviewing the PR today
* Shauna triaged open PRs as of last meeting and marked all for respective action

### Open questions

* What's the process to become a code reviewer/maintainer?

### Action items

* Roddie 
  * will review CODEOWNERS implementation details and get that added so that SIG members are notified when something needs review
  * will notify sig list about process change

## Miscellaneous

- Shauna reached out to Kythera AI about their section in the docs
- Group discussed the autogenerated API docs and agreed they should be in their own repo that can be automated, so changes to main o3de.org repo are made by humans